my husband has a potluck tomorrow and I
made this Italian pasta salad and it's
really easy and it's one you can do the
night before he just sprung it on me
I've cooked off a pound and a half of
the rotini and I've cut up some
vegetables this is one of those English
cucumbers half of an orange bell pepper
yellow bell pepper I just had them in
the fridge a little pint of the grape
tomatoes over here I have some asparagus
a couple little handfuls of the snow
peas a couple handfuls of green beans
that I blanched and put in ice water
bath show you how I did that
I'm blanching some vegetables and some
boiling water just for like a minute or
so then I place them in a ice water bath
to cool down and to set the color look
at how vibrant the colors are I've
already done some green beans asparagus
and some snow peas the snow peas I only
put in for maybe like 10 seconds 15
seconds anyway I'm going to finish up
this broccoli and get back to making
this salad I have some artichoke hearts
a little bit of pimentos that are left
over from making pimento cheese I'm
going to put another little jar in there
to just a little bit of red onion not
too much a can of black olives the small
ones drained just a little bit of
broccoli i blanched it and a couple
small zucchinis that i blanched I have 8
ounces of salami 8 ounces of pepperoni
sliced and 8 ounces of mozzarella cheese
I'm going to get this in my bowl I got
the salad pretty well mixed and you can
use whatever vegetables you have that's
the beauty of this I'm going to add 3
and 3/4 ounce of salad toppings I've
seen them listed as salad Supremes it's
just a got a whole bunch of nuts and
bacon bits and
all that kind of stuff in it let me add
that whole container and then I'm going
to add 16 ounces of an Italian dressing
I'm going to add the whole bottle I'm
going to add this and then get it mixed
again the beauty of this salad is you
can make it a day before like if you
have a potluck we have a picnic you're
going to or something like that barbecue
and you can use whatever vegetables are
in season whatever you have in the
fridge it's really one that a lot of
people like and it just gets better as
it sits needs a little salt and pepper
other than that's pretty good so that's
my version of an Italian pasta salad